Add support to retrieve all API keys if user has privilege (#47274)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/rest-api/security/get-api-keys.asciidoc

The 'realm_name' or 'username' parameters cannot be specified when this
parameter is set to 'true' as they are assumed to be the currently authenticated ones.

NOTE: When none of the parameters "id", "name", "username" and "realm_name"
are specified, and the "owner" is set to false then it will retrieve all API

> keys if the user is authorized to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keys. If the user is not authorized to retrieve other user's API keys, then a error will be returned.
```
